Pd 1271 create content on contributing to apps (#2863)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALETutorials/Apps/AppContributions.md

Click on [community](https://github.com/truenas/charts/tree/master/community) to view catalog files for community apps.

### Submitting App Contributions in GitHub
Click **Issues** on the TrueNAS-Charts GitHub page to view a current list of open issue reports and requests.
Click **New Issue** to submit a request to add or change an existing application or to report an issue.

Enter a title to describe the request, for example, *Add Portainer App*.

Next enter a description with details about your request, information on the requested application, and reason for the request.
For example, *This app provides this functionality, not available from any other app in the TrueNAS-Charts catalog* or *Details on this app is found at this url*.

Users can submit pull requests against files in  the **TrueNAS/Charts** repository.

### Submitting App Suggestions through Jira
Users can submit issue tickets for either the **TrueNAS-Charts (TNCHARTS)** or **TrueNAS (NAS)** projects.

If opening a [Jira](https://www.atlassian.com/software/jira) ticket for an app, select **TrueNAS-Charts (TNCHARTS)** in **Project**, then select the **Issue Type** that fits your request:

> * **Improvement** to suggest a change to an existing app.

Author: I tested this but then again I'm an ix users. The information I had was they could submit tickets against the Charts project, but the options for tickets is more limited than in a NAS project.

* **New Feature** to request adding a new app to the catalog.
* **Bug** to report a problem with an existing application.

Enter a brief description of the request in **Summary**.
Make this relevant and easily-searchable text.

Next, enter a detailed description of the request or report in **Description**.

Field types change based on the **Issue Type** selected, but users only need to populate these three fields and provide their current release information in the **Affects versions** field before clicking **Create** to submit the request.
Jira sends an email to the registered user with a link to the new ticket. 

If uncertain of your SCALE release, go to the main SCALE **Dashboard** where you can find the version information on the **System Information** widget.

If using a nightly release not listed as in the **Affects Versions** filed, include the relase information in the ticket description.

> Wait to attach the debug file it until you receive the email notifying you of the new ticket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For bug reports, wait to attach a debug file until you receive the email notifying you of the new ticket.
```
